Patrick's thoughts Re: NLTR
	1) What's up with the ??? response from the FFT?
	2) I notice that we're not recording the sona from port A.  Rather, we're recording it from C?
		I think that's why we're not seing the harmonics - they'd be primarily broadcast out of the antenna?
	3) I had a crazy idea regarding how we could get NLTR to work with our numerous ports:
		First off, the ports I will refer to are:
			A (The port on the front, marked "A")
			C (The port on the side, marked "C"  The NL element is currently at C)
			X (The port on the side, unmarked.  This port can be adjusted in space)
		So first, we'd have to turn on the "pause" feature in the code.  We will need to adjust cables midway
			Send the initial pulse in THROUGH X.  The DSO hookup is AT A.  Harmonics should be generated at C.
			Pause.  Switch the X and A cables, so that the PSG is now input THROUGH A.
			Send the filtered sona through A, and measure reconstruction at C.
			Note that this does not answer the question of why we're getting the 32 GHz frequency.
	4) Made a minor edit to tr_harmonic.m: It now will save all the data it collects into a .mat file. 
	   (Like examplemain does)
	5) It looks like getFFT is mirroring its output across the 20 GHz line.  So there isn't actually a signal at 35 Ghz.  
	   It's a ghost.  Working on a fix.

LC's Notes (continuing off of Patrick's)
	6) getFFT doesn't actually do anything..., it's only purpose is for plotting the FFTs in MATLAB. I replaced
	   the getFFT with a modified implementation that Patrick made for linear FFT, but it doesn't change the
	   process
	7) The ??? is probably voltage, since I'm pretty sure doing FFTs on time domain data doesn't do anything
	   to the amplitude units (ask Tyler for confirmation)
	8) I think the code actually works properly (or at least, easily fixed by switching ports). 
	   The problem is, the nonlinear element (diode, I think?) we have isn't generating any measurable harmonics
	   You can see this if you just print out the supposed linear and nonlinear sonas. The "linear" sona is 
	   just the original sona, and the "nonlinear" sona is noise. Or just look at the FFT of the original 
	   measured sona. There are no harmonics there.
	9) Related to above, we should probably check if there's actually anything at the "nonlinear" port, and whether
	   it is actually doing anything
Andrew's thoughts
	Regarding 1) and 7) I thought that our units on the FFT would also be volts, but they are clearly not from the scale. 
	             Frazier's plots weren't labeled at all, so I stuck the ??? in as a placeholder until we figure it out.
	Regarding 2) I believe that we should be recording our thing from the linear port. I changed measCh in essparam.m to reflect this.
	Regarding 3) in the same way that because (x,t) is a solution to the wave equation (x,-t) must be as well, the same is true
	             for (x,t) and (-x,-t). This is the spatial reciprocity that Dr. Anlage spent a lot of time explaining last year. So while yes
	             that setup should work, it really is no different from what we have now. We can certainly try it and confirm that though.
	
	10) Still can't get it work. I'm seeing no noticeable response from the diode, especially not at twice the frequency we broadcast in.
	    This means that we can't reconstruct at the nonlinear port, because there's no harmonic being generated. Perhaps we should try a different diode.

	11) I'm a little skeptical of the last graph generated, because it seems with that sort of FFT we should be getting at least a little bump
  	    of a reconstruction at the nonlinear port. The "ghost" Patrick mentioned seems to be gone.