Patrick's thoughts Re: NLTR
	1) What's up with the ??? response from the FFT?
	2) I notice that we're not recording the sona from port A.  Rather, we're recording it from C?
		I think that's why we're not seing the harmonics - they'd be primarily broadcast out of the antenna?
	3) I had a crazy idea regarding how we could get NLTR to work with our numerous ports:
		First off, the ports I will refer to are:
			A (The port on the front, marked "A")
			C (The port on the side, marked "C"  The NL element is currently at C)
			X (The port on the side, unmarked.  This port can be adjusted in space)
		So first, we'd have to turn on the "pause" feature in the code.  We will need to adjust cables midway
			Send the initial pulse in THROUGH X.  The DSO hookup is AT A.  Harmonics should be generated at C.
			Pause.  Switch the X and A cables, so that the PSG is now input THROUGH A.
			Send the filtered sona through A, and measure reconstruction at C.
			Note that this does not answer the question of why we're getting the 32 GHz frequency.
	4) Made a minor edit to tr_harmonic.m: It now will save all the data it collects into a .mat file. 
	   (Like examplemain does)
	5) It looks like getFFT is mirroring its output across the 20 GHz line.  So there isn't actually a signal at 35 Ghz.  
	   It's a ghost.  Working on a fix.

LC's Notes (continuing off of Patrick's)
	6) getFFT doesn't actually do anything..., it's only purpose is for plotting the FFTs in MATLAB. I replaced
	   the getFFT with a modified implementation that Patrick made for linear FFT, but it doesn't change the
	   process
	7) The ??? is probably voltage, since I'm pretty sure doing FFTs on time domain data doesn't do anything
	   to the amplitude units (ask Tyler for confirmation)
	8) I think the code actually works properly (or at least, easily fixed by switching ports). 
	   The problem is, the nonlinear element (diode, I think?) we have isn't generating any measurable harmonics
	   You can see this if you just print out the supposed linear and nonlinear sonas. The "linear" sona is 
	   just the original sona, and the "nonlinear" sona is noise. Or just look at the FFT of the original 
	   measured sona. There are no harmonics there.
	9) Related to above, we should probably check if there's actually anything at the "nonlinear" port, and whether
	   it is actually doing anything